# Description
The files in this folder contain the model code, simulation scripts, and data files for the simulation reported in CITATION REDACTED. The environInits.R, personInits.R, SJTInits.R, and modelFuncs.R script files are identical to those described in base SiRJ. The remaining script files are slightly adapted to accomodate the different response process proposed to be used by respondents when evalauting SJT response optionsn items based on similarity in actions versus perceived consequences as described in the paper. More specifically:
1. **answerSJT_rsp.R** & **answerSJT_rspCxt.R** -- these scripts are identical except for the way in which Step 5 of the SiRJ evaluation process on lines 36-43 are carried out. The answerSJT_rspCxt.R file is identical to the answerSJT.R file in the base model of SiRJ such that respondents compute the degree of similarity between the perceived consequences of their most likely/preferred behavior and the perceived consequences of each response option for an SJT item. In the answerSJT_rsp.R file, this behavior is changes such that respondents compute the degree of similarity between their most likely/preferred behavior and the actual behaviors described in each response option for an SJT item. 
2. **SiRJSim_compareRsp_sitAbs.R**, **SiRJSim_compareRsp_sitPres.R**, **SiRJSim_compareRspCxt_sitAbs.R**, &  **SiRJSim_compareRspCxt_sitPres.R** -- contains the files for running simulated test takers with varying levels of expertise and expertise under conditions when respondents compare actions (compareRsp) versus consequences (compareRspCxt) and when SJT does (sitPres) and does not (sitAbs) contain item stems.

The default settings specified in the provided simulation script files is to **run the simulation in parallel on multiple cores/processors distributed across different computers.** To change this behavior and run the simulation across multiple cores on a single computer, uncomment lines 10-11 and comment out lines 14-15. Additionally, the protocols for saving the data in lines 57-58 should be updated by assigning the `id` variable on line 16 to a unique identifier for the simulation run.

# Simulation data
## Overview
The simulation results reported in the paper were based on a total of 20,000 simulated respondents across a 4 (experience strength) x 5 (expertise level) x 2 (situation-absent, situation-present) fully crossed design. Thus, each cell in this design was comprised of 500 respondents. To speed up this compute time, a total of 20 simulation jobs were conducted -- 10 each for the situation-absent and situation-present conditions.
## Data files
The final data files generated by the simulations are provided in the folders labeled **rawDat** and **finalDat**. 
The rawDat folder contains the following items:
1. **condsDatNoSit1-10.RData** -- raw data for the situation-absent conditions; each file contains data for 1000 respondents
2. **condsDatSit1-10.RData** -- raw data for the situation-present conditions; each file contains data for 1000 respondents
3. **condsNoSit1-10.RData** -- the selected parameter values for the 1000 respondents in each of the 10 situation-absent simulations
4. **condsSit1-10.RData** -- the selected parameter values for the 1000 respondents in each of the 10 situation-present simulations
5. **dataExtract.R** -- R script for aggregating all simulation data into useful data files

The finalDat folder contains the following items:
1. **sirjRspEval.RData** -- a list object containing respondents' cumulative similarity judgments for each SJT item. Each list element is a three dimensional array with dimensions [iteration, response option, SJT item]
2. **sirjSJTEval.RData** -- a data frame containing summary information of respondents' selections on each SJT item
3. **figs.R** -- R script for replicating all figures reported in the final manuscript; requires sirjRspEval.RData and sirjSJTEval.RData to be loaded in the R environment
